[Music]
Hi good afternoon everyone my name is
Vivek Srivastava I am from
ICSC Ulambard and I am part
of health team in ICSC Ulambard
very warm welcome to each one of you
and i think we have launched a new
product which is elevate okay so let me
just briefly tell you about the product
this is a first of a it's kind product
which we have launched for health
customers in india this product is
designed which has a unique features
which are there which primarily takes
care of the basic need of any customer
this product is designed keeping one
phenomena in feature in mind that there
are various type of customers in the
market and everyone requires a product
which is suits him and has to be very
very unique or or or personalized in
nature we have designed this product
which is purely customizable you can
design customize as per your need and it
is backed by artificial intelligence
also more importantly it has got many
unique features which  are industry first
which is there not there in the
industry as a whole we have introduced
our new add on cover which is there in
this product which is infinite gear it
tells it says that in the life time of
the policy one claim of unlimited amount
can be taken by any customer which is
not there unheard of in the industry
itself not only this many other features
like cumulative bonus which is also add
on cover which can be bought as per the
need of the customer which says that
every year 100% bonus will be given to
the  customer and this can go up to
unlimited times currently in the market
there are add on benefits like
cumulative bonus which goes up to a
certain times in the lifetime of the
policy but in our policy we have said it
can go up to unlimited time we have
reset benefit which is already there
also we have introduced a unique feature
which is a jump start this gives a
flexibility to cover any pre existing
customer of which is there with any
customer and it will give a unique
feature which says that you need not to
wait for three years to start coverage
of those  pds which are there which is
pre existing disease you
have there the pd will get covered from
31st day so that is again a unique
proposition for our customers and again
i am saying that it is very much
customizable you can personalize as per
your requirement no need of buying or
mandatory covers are there it is
completely to the flexibility of the
customers we have just launched this
product and the response which we are getting on this
product is really
amazing so thank you all for for for for
making this product launch very very
successful thank you so my name is Amita
Anand and I will represent ICI Ombat
basically the subject we met today everything we
talked about earlier let's
talk about the Elevate product so
this is the Elevate product whatever we have
first
time or first time we mean
this is the first product with such features in the insurance industry
who has launched this till now  We didn't do that, we talked about the features that we talked about earlier, which are
called Infinite Sum Insured,
so we have launched a feature that no
one in the insurance industry has launched so far.
Here,
instead of a sum insured of 10 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, one crore rupees,
we
are offering Infinite Sum Insured to the customer. Similarly, if the customer wants his sum
insured to increase every year, or if he
pays a lower premium, or if his sum
insured to increase every year, we
have an add-on called Power Booster, and if he takes that add-on
feature, his
sum insured will double every year. The
third feature comes and wherever the
customer has pre-existing diseases,
diabetes, hypertension, asthma, or anything like that, all these things, the
customer who thinks I want coverage from the first day without a waiting period can take the feature called Gem Start and
get day one coverage. That's how we provide it to all
our customers.
Those who want to go cashless even if they go to a non-networked hospital, not a networked hospital, but a
value-added feature called Anywhere Cashless, which
we are providing to our customers, is
also a unique feature. If you
look at the market today,
the company that uses this feature and provides this facility,
ICICI Bank, has
also included it in the IRDA regulation after we launched it.
Now, IRDA is also saying that
even if a customer goes to any hospital, cashless should be provided.
Whatever resolution has come, whatever
IRDA norm has come, we implement it a
year ago.
Similarly, whenever we look at any product
in the market, generally, they give it as a package, adding
five or six benefits, all the covers, and if
you want health insurance, you can't say that you should
buy this
forcefully, but they
make it as a package.
In the same lombot, we have in the Elevate product.
What we are doing is that we are giving 22 different add-
ons. Whoever
wants what, whoever
wants what feature according to their requirement,
he opts for that feature. Accordingly, he
pays the premium and gets the coverage that the policy has for
life.
Apart from this, if we look everywhere, there is
medicals. There is an age bracket
after which there are medicals. Yes, in every company.
So in our product,
in the Elevate product, we have medicals where there is
no trigger. According to the sum insured, but
otherwise, according to age, but not a trigger.
Any particular thing is
higher than the average. That is, only there, depending upon the
underwriting
guideline, we trigger medicals.
But if it is generic, where it is not a trigger.
We do not have an age limit either. Most
likely, many people are asking, "Up
to what age do we cover?" There is no
age limit in this product. No matter
how many years
We also give customer policies. If the customer has fitment as per our
underwriting rules and norms,
we can give health insurance policies to individuals who are not only 100 years old but also 120 years old.
In Elevate,
Allah